This is the part 2 of the final project. I decided to switch my topic since I found this one more interesting to talk about. I will revise part one of the project later as well.
# Wirefames / storyboard for user feedback

# Creation of a user research protocol and completion of at least three interviews
The target audiences that I hope to reach are people who currently own cats, people who like cats and may raise it in the future, and even those who have friends and family members with cats. I identified three friends. One of them once had a cat as her pet (cat-lover), one currently owns a dog (loves animals but leans towards dog), and one who has never had any pet before (neutral). I will name them A, B, C respectively.  
I didn’t tell them that I make the document, but just mentioned it’s an interview for a class. I showed them the material as PDF and asked them the following questions:  
1. Have you spotted a cat predation or heard about it from any of your friend/family members?  
2. After reading the document, do you find the main idea of keeping cats indoor compelling?  
3. Do you think the data play an essential role in this document?  
4. Is there any part that you feel is unnecessary to include?  
5. Is there anything else you would like to see/know, which is not included in this document?  
Below are some of the feedback I got.  
For the first question, all of them told me that they have heard about it before, as I expected because that behavior is pretty typical for cats, and cats sometimes will even bring and show the prey to their owners. However, I got different feedbacks for the following parts. Both A and B agreed that the document is compelling, and the data played an important role. Their feedback includes: the document contains a lot of data and charts; it’s straightforward how severe the problem is. It is data that helps support the main idea, and the document cannot go without data.  
C, on the other hand, pointed out the document is too short of convincing her that it is cats that directly contribute to the extinction of birds. She suggested me to provide additional evidence such as videos of cats killing birds. Regarding data, she said that she wondered the reliability of the data and how those statistics are collected. She noticed the research done by the University of Florida and said that could help convince her. C majors in economy in undergrad, and we took econometrics together. Therefore, she focused more on the data source and the way those numbers are calculated when she is reading the document, which I don’t have to care too much since I’m not doing research. But I should cite the sources properly and show credibility when I work on the final part.  
She is the only one who pointed out that both cats and rats are listed as threats to birds, but cats can help control rats’ population. She said that she was attracted by rats and mice at first glance and suggested experimenting with the control group and treatment group to see the effect of cats on rats and birds. Again, the suggestion went too far away from the project, but I decide to change the way that I highlight cat to make it more conspicuous.  
Two of them also mentioned that the call to action is too brief and should be more specific. B made some interesting suggestions that: 1) add percentages of outdoor cats at the beginning, 2) if possible, I can find some policies regarding feral cats over the world and set criteria to compare the effectiveness. I think that’s a good idea that I can try to look deeper at that perspective.  A wondered why cats are not a natural part of any ecosystem (as mentioned in conclusion), and I think I should explain that a little bit at the end or beginning of the story.  
Overall, the structure and the story arch work as I expected, but I need to make some changes, such as changing the chart ,adding details to make the document more credible.  

# Revised wireframes / visualizations / storyboards based on what you heard
