This is the link to my final deliverable on Shorthand:[Effects of Outdoor Cats on Biodiversity](https://carnegiemellon.shorthandstories.com/-effects-of-outdoor-cats-on-biodiversity-/index.html)  
Here is the reference page: [Reference](https://carnegiemellon.shorthandstories.com/-effects-of-outdoor-cats-on-biodiversity-/index.html#group-Reference-wSKVdX8rd7)    
The references for images and photos are below them with licenses. There are two pictures on [this page](https://carnegiemellon.shorthandstories.com/-effects-of-outdoor-cats-on-biodiversity-/index.html#group-Possible-Solutions-jmDxyeiOfD) with no license information, but they are both free-to-use images shown on Google Image, and people can download them from the [U.S. AIR FORCES CENTRAL COMMAND](https://www.afcent.af.mil/News/Art/igphoto/2001299365/) official website. So I used them.  
# Intended Audiences for My Final Story & Things I Have Done    
As mentioned in Part II, my target audiences include people who currently own cats, people who like cats and may raise it in the future, and even those who have friends and family members with cats. It can be relevant to almost everyone since cats have been parts of people's life.    
Therefore, I focused more on telling people something they don't know before with my story. The story was shaped well after working on Part II. I start with things they probably already knew, such as how popular cats are, with a set of data regarding pets in the US. Then I introduced the history of cats and talked about the fact that cats function invasive species (Thanks to the feedback I got from my interview). Also, in the following part, based on the advice from the person who didn't have a cat, I embedded a 10-min video with numerous cases of cats predation, which helps convince the audience about the instincts of cats.
I made some other minor changes compared to the interview version.   
1) I originally planned to make an infogram or a map to show cats' global impact on biodiversity. However, different countries and locations did research on different species and areas. For instance, the UK focuses on birds, while New Zealand may look into mammals, making it hard to convey consistent information in one sheet. I noticed some of my classmates included relevant readings, so I decided to do the same thing, and I adjusted this section to be after the statistics about birds, which is more logically organized. It's very straightforward that cats have an impact on species all over the world, and readers can read for more information if they are interested.  
2) I added a list of endangered animals and their photos, where cats are one of the contributors. Shorthand is convenient since I can add hyperlinks, so I don't have to spend time explaining too much about those species.  
3) The structure didn't change too much in addition to the things I mentioned above. But I do add more details and references to explain things such as concepts of TNR and Catios. I added credibility by pointing out the source of data and ideas in-text, as suggested by one of my interviewees.       
Overall, I'm satisfied with the changes I made and how Shorthand works out. People were shocked when I did my presentation and show them the data, and my interviewees agreed that the final version is more compelling compared to the Part II version when I sent them my final deliverable.
